consistency of intro, abstract and other sections (#179)
core-wg/resource-directory: draft-ietf-core-resource-directory.md

efficient than querying /.well-known/core on all connected devices, or across
boundaries that would be limiting those operations.

It provides information about resources hosted by other devices that could otherwise only be obtained by
directly querying the /.well-known/core resource on these other devicess, either by a unicast request or a multicast request.

Only information SHOULD be stored in the resource

> directory that is obtained by querying the described device's

Reviewer: I liked the older wording better here: The new one prescribes a course of action (that's only actually taken in simple registration).
```suggestion
directory that can be obtained by querying the described device's
```
